c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\obj\Debug\Wilber.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\Wilber.dll
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\Wilber.pdb
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\Models.dll
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\MySql.Web.dll
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\Repository.dll
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\Repository.pdb
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\Models.pdb
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\obj\Debug\Wilber.dll
c:\users\wilber\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Babawokie\Wilber\obj\Debug\Wilber.pdb
C:\Users\i-jcadiao\Documents\Babawokie\hey\Babawokie\Wilber\obj\Debug\Wilber.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\i-jcadiao\Documents\Babawokie\hey\Babawokie\Wilber\obj\Debug\Wilber.dll
C:\Users\i-jcadiao\Documents\Babawokie\hey\Babawokie\Wilber\obj\Debug\Wilber.pdb
C:\Users\i-jcadiao\Documents\Babawokie\hey\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\Wilber.dll
C:\Users\i-jcadiao\Documents\Babawokie\hey\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\Wilber.pdb
C:\Users\i-jcadiao\Documents\Babawokie\hey\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\i-jcadiao\Documents\Babawokie\hey\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\Models.dll
C:\Users\i-jcadiao\Documents\Babawokie\hey\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\i-jcadiao\Documents\Babawokie\hey\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\Repository.dll
C:\Users\i-jcadiao\Documents\Babawokie\hey\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\i-jcadiao\Documents\Babawokie\hey\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\i-jcadiao\Documents\Babawokie\hey\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\i-jcadiao\Documents\Babawokie\hey\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\Models.pdb
C:\Users\i-jcadiao\Documents\Babawokie\hey\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\Repository.pdb
C:\Users\i-jcadiao\Documents\Babawokie\hey\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\i-jcadiao\Documents\Babawokie\hey\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\i-jcadiao\Documents\Babawokie\hey\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\i-jcadiao\Documents\Babawokie\hey\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\i-jcadiao\Documents\Babawokie\hey\Babawokie\Wilber\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
